“The artist is always beginning. Any work of art which is not a beginning, an invention, a discovery is of little worth.” ~Ezra Pound
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” ~Gandhi
“I can’t go back to yesterday because I was a different person then.” ~Lewis Carroll
“There are no rules here. We’re trying to accomplish something.” ~Thomas Edison
“It’s not denial. I’m just selective about the reality I accept.” ~Calvin and Hobbes
e ever met. It’s gonna take awhile. It’s normal to take awhile. You’ve just gotta fight your way through.” ~Ira Glass
“Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.” ~Bob Marley
“The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider’s web. ” ~Pablo Picasso
“Sex is like art. Most of it is pretty bad, and the good stuff is out of your price range.” ~Scott Roeben
“A piece of art is never a finished work. It answers a question which has been asked, and asks a new question.” ~Robert Engman
“Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Don’t bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.” ~William Faulkner
“I invent nothing, I rediscover.” ~Auguste Rodin
“If it adapts itself to what the majority of our society wants, art will be a meaningless recreation.” ~Albert Camus
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us something is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch. Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit.” ~e.e. cummings
“This world is but a canvas to our imagination.” ~Thoreau
“The reason that art (writing, engaging, and all of it) is valuable is precisely why I can’t tell you how to do it. If there were a map, there’d be no art, because art is the act of navigating without a map.” ~Seth Godin
“I used to think I was the strangest person in the world but then I thought there are so many people in the world, there must be someone just like me who feels bizarre and flawed in the same ways I do. I would imagine her, and imagine that she must be out there thinking of me too. Well, I hope that if you are out there and read this and know that, yes, it’s true I’m here, and I’m just as strange as you.” ~Frida Kahlo
“I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed!” ~William Shakespeare
“Don’t think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It’s self-conscious, and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can’t try to do things. You simply must do things.” ~Ray Bradbury
“The road to hell is paved with works-in-progress.” ~Philip Roth
“The first draft of anything is shit.” ~Ernest Hemingway
“Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.” ~Benjamin Jowett
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it” ~Henry David Thoreau.
“Some succeed because they are destined. Some succeed because they are determined.” ~Unknown
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal — it is the courage to continue that counts.” ~Winston Churchill
“Don’t ask what the world needs, ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.” ~Howard Thurman
”The seed of your next artwork lies embedded in the imperfections of your current piece.” ~David Bayles
“The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.” ~ Neil Gaiman
“Everything’s already been said, but since nobody was listening, we have to start again.”  ~André Gide
“Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.” ~Bob Marley
“The object isn’t to make art, it’s to be in that wonderful state which makes art inevitable.” ~Robert Henri
“How we spend our days is how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour and with that one, is what we are doing.” ~Annie Dillard
“How we spend our days is how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour and with that one, is what we are doing.” ~Annie Dillard
“The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication.” ~Cyril Connolly
“I don’t wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work” ~Pearl S. Buck
“You will succeed because most people are lazy.” ~Shahir Zag
“I believe humans get a lot done, not because we’re smart, but because we have thumbs so we can make coffee.” ~Flash Rosenberg
“The whole culture is telling you to hurry, while the art tells you to take your time. Always listen to the art.” ~Junot Diaz
“Everything in life comes to you as a teacher. Pay Attention. Learn Quickly.” ~Cherokee saying
“Any writer who knows what he’s doing isn’t doing very much.” ~Nelson Algren
“Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.” ~Samuel Butler
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” ~Nelson Mandela
“There are hundreds of paths up the mountain, all leading to the same place, so it doesn’t matter which path you take. The only person wasting time is the one who runs around the mountain, telling everyone that his or her path is wrong.” ~Hindu proverb
“The day is coming when a single carrot, freshly observed, will set off a revolution.” ~Paul Cezanne
“The artist is always beginning. Any work of art which is not a beginning, an invention, a discovery is of little worth.” ~Ezra Pound
“To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.” ~Anatole France
“To define is to limit.” ~Oscar Wilde
“The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.” ~ Neil Gaiman
“The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.” ~William Butler Yeats
“Stuff your eyes with wonder, live as if you’d drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It’s more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories.” ~Ray Bradbury
“The reason that art (writing, engaging, and all of it) is valuable is precisely why I can’t tell you how to do it. If there were a map, there’d be no art, because art is the act of navigating without a map.” ~Seth Godin
“Don’t ask what the world needs, ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.” ~Howard Thurman
“Are we to paint what’s on the face, what’s inside the face, or what’s behind it?” ~Picasso
“When we walk to the edge of all the light we have and take the step into the darkness of the unknown, we must believe that one of two things will happen….There will be something solid for us to stand on or we will be taught to fly.” ~Patrick Overton
“I write to give myself strength. I write to be the characters that I am not. I write to explore all the things I’m afraid of.” ~Joss Whedon
“Free your mind and your ass will follow” ~George Clinton
“It’s not denial. I’m just selective about the reality I accept.” ~Calvin and Hobbes
“We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.” ~Thornton Wilder
“Go to where the silence is and say something.” ~Amy Goodman
“One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven on by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand.” ~George Orwell
“The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be.” ~Leo Buscaglia
“One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven on by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand.” ~George Orwell
“The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. ~Gloria Steinem
“Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads” ~Erica Jong
